Release v0.1.3 (#7)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link_common: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.1.3

* New features

>   * New `RetryConfig` param: `worst_case_download_speed`. This makes it
>     possible to "fail fast" instead of having to wait for the `max_timeout`
>     timeout to be reached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * New `RetryConfig` param: `worst_case_download_speed`. This makes it
    possible to match the timeout to the download size and fail before `max_timeout`.
  * `max_timeout` is now 24 hours to match the NervesHub download URL validity time.
    Now downloads can survive multi-hour network outages without starting over.
```
